---
title: "Safari 26.5"
params:
  url: "https://support.apple.com/en-us/127121"
  canonicalURL: "https://support.apple.com/en-us/127121"
  platforms: ["Safari"]
---

[Original Advisory](https://support.apple.com/en-us/127121)

About the security content of Safari 26.5
=========================================

This document describes the security content of Safari 26.5.

About Apple security updates
----------------------------

For our customers' protection, Apple doesn't disclose, discuss, or confirm security issues until an investigation has occurred and patches or releases are available. Recent releases are listed on the [Apple security releases](/en-us/100100) page.

Apple security documents reference vulnerabilities by [CVE-ID](https://www.cve.org/About/Overview) when possible.

For more information about security, see the [Apple Product Security](/en-us/102549) page.

Safari 26.5
-----------

Released May 13, 2026

### WebKit

Available for: macOS Sonoma and macOS Sequoia

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may prevent Content Security Policy from being enforced

Description: A validation issue was addressed with improved logic.

WebKit Bugzilla: 308906

CVE-2026-43660: Cantina

### WebKit

Available for: macOS Sonoma and macOS Sequoia

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may prevent Content Security Policy from being enforced

Description: The issue was addressed with improved input validation.

WebKit Bugzilla: 308675

CVE-2026-28907: Cantina

### WebKit

Available for: macOS Sonoma and macOS Sequoia

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may disclose sensitive user information

Description: This issue was addressed with improved access restrictions.

WebKit Bugzilla: 309698

CVE-2026-28962: Luke Francis, Vaagn Vardanian, kwak kiyong / kakaogames, Vitaly Simonovich, Adel Bouachraoui, greenbynox

### WebKit

Available for: macOS Sonoma and macOS Sequoia

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to an unexpected Safari crash

Description: The issue was addressed with improved memory handling.

WebKit Bugzilla: 307669

CVE-2026-43658: Do Young Park

### WebKit

Available for: macOS Sonoma and macOS Sequoia

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to an unexpected process crash

Description: The issue was addressed with improved memory handling.

WebKit Bugzilla: 308545

CVE-2026-28905: Yuhao Hu, Yuanming Lai, Chenggang Wu, and Zhe Wang

WebKit Bugzilla: 308707

CVE-2026-28847: DARKNAVY (@DarkNavyOrg), Anonymous working with TrendAI Zero Day Initiative, Daniel Rhea

WebKit Bugzilla: 309601

CVE-2026-28904: Luka Rački

WebKit Bugzilla: 310880

CVE-2026-28955: wac and Kookhwan Lee working with TrendAI Zero Day Initiative

WebKit Bugzilla: 310303

CVE-2026-28903: Mateusz Krzywicki (iVerify.io)

WebKit Bugzilla: 309628

CVE-2026-28953: Maher Azzouzi

WebKit Bugzilla: 309861

CVE-2026-28902: Tristan Madani (@TristanInSec) from Talence Security, Nathaniel Oh (@calysteon)

WebKit Bugzilla: 310207

CVE-2026-28901: Aisle offensive security research team (Joshua Rogers, Luigino Camastra, Igor Morgenstern, and Guido Vranken), Maher Azzouzi, Ngan Nguyen of Calif.io

WebKit Bugzilla: 311631

CVE-2026-28913: an anonymous researcher

### WebKit

Available for: macOS Sonoma and macOS Sequoia

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to an unexpected process crash

Description: A use-after-free issue was addressed with improved memory management.

WebKit Bugzilla: 313939

CVE-2026-28883: kwak kiyong / kakaogames

### WebKit

Available for: macOS Sonoma and macOS Sequoia

Impact: An app may be able to access sensitive user data

Description: This issue was addressed with improved data protection.

WebKit Bugzilla: 311228

CVE-2026-28958: Cantina

### WebKit

Available for: macOS Sonoma and macOS Sequoia

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to an unexpected process crash

Description: The issue was addressed with improved input validation.

WebKit Bugzilla: 310527

CVE-2026-28917: Vitaly Simonovich

### WebKit

Available for: macOS Sonoma and macOS Sequoia

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to an unexpected Safari crash

Description: A use-after-free issue was addressed with improved memory management.

WebKit Bugzilla: 310234

CVE-2026-28947: dr3dd

WebKit Bugzilla: 310544

CVE-2026-28946: Gia Bui (@yabeow) from Calif.io, dr3dd, w0wbox

WebKit Bugzilla: 312180

CVE-2026-28942: Milad Nasr and Nicholas Carlini with Claude, Anthropic

### WebKit

Available for: macOS Sonoma and macOS Sequoia

Impact: A malicious iframe may use another website’s download settings

Description: The issue was addressed with improved UI handling.

CVE-2026-28971: Khiem Tran

WebKit Bugzilla: 311288

### WebRTC

Available for: macOS Sonoma and macOS Sequoia

Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to an unexpected process crash

Description: The issue was addressed with improved memory handling.

WebKit Bugzilla: 311131

CVE-2026-28944: Kenneth Hsu of Palo Alto Networks, Jérôme DJOUDER, dr3dd

Additional recognition
----------------------

### Safari

We would like to acknowledge sean mutuku for their assistance.

### Safari Push Notifications

We would like to acknowledge Robert Mindo for their assistance.

### WebKit

We would like to acknowledge Muhammad Zaid Ghifari (Mr.ZheeV), Kalimantan Utara, Qadhafy Muhammad Tera, Vitaly Simonovich for their assistance.

### WebRTC

We would like to acknowledge Hyeonji Son (@jir4vv1t) of Demon Team for their assistance.

Information about products not manufactured by Apple, or independent websites not controlled or tested by Apple, is provided without recommendation or endorsement. Apple assumes no responsibility with regard to the selection, performance, or use of third-party websites or products. Apple makes no representations regarding third-party website accuracy or reliability. [Contact the vendor](https://support.apple.com/103190) for additional information.

Published Date: May 13, 2026
